
# Big Trouble in Little Russia
## Ch 1: "If we're not back by dawn...call the president"
### I
The dreg crawled back to consciousness. She started opening her eyes. She saw the nightsky. This means she was lying on her back.
-"Remember training. First, bearings. Water, shallow water. Lying on a puddle. Pain and cold, everywhere. Try move arms. Arms move. Get up now".
She tried to get up and felt a sharp pain where her other arms were before they were docked at her initiation. She looked down and saw her suit charred and felt wounds beneath. She was leaking ether, and would die soon if she didn't stop it. Her surroundings were an Eliksni massacre, but she was used to it. She grabbed a wire rifle from a dead vandal and started looking for a way to keep herself alive.

### II
The cosmodrome offered little refuge. She could hear skirmishes and gunfire to the distance. It sounded a lot like the shots that wounded her. These dead and alive humans, they dispensed death like it didn't touch them. Stumbling along the wall, she found a hollow in the gigantic structure where she could lay low and wait. She started to reminisce. Her name was Vilkris, she remembered that. She remembered belonging to House of Devils before Ghaul came and stripped them from what little they had. She remembered that her house was the only one left that taught younglings about The Great Machine. She remembered being taught about how it helped the Eliksni to become powerful and reach the stars. She remembered hearing about The Whirlwind and how upon its arrival, The Great Machine fled and abandoned them. She remembered the subsequent chase across space that brought them to this remote planet and forced them into a war with these humans to try to recover it, whether they wanted it or not. She had heard the stories about how it granted the blessing of eternal life to these humans. That would come in handy ain these moments. Just have the little lights resurrect her in a few moments when she finally died. Resurrect. Free. Without hunger. Without the need for a servitor to feed her. Without hunger. Without feeding on the leftovers from a vandal. Without hunger. Without hunger.

### III
The servitor started humming while synthesizing the ether necessary for her to feed and start healing. The sound echoed through the abandoned section of the wall they were in, only matched by the deaf whirr of a light pointing towards her wounds. She was no longer leaking ether, and slowly regained her strength. She came out of it with the same fixated idea hammering her head. To be free from the hunger. She saw the servitor, but quickly turned away in shame. Ashamed of needing something that implied a weakness. Her mind traveled far in time. "Fallen", they were called in this world. "Pirates". How come a noble and dignified race as the Eliksni were now forced into scavenging? Reluctantly, she continued to feed on the ether. It felt so good to be rid of the constant hunger, and with no other Eliksni in sight, she could keep feeding until satisfied, though she know this would be short-lived. It then dawned on her. Her people needed these machines to survive. As long as this link persisted, the Eliksni were fragile. They needed a way to survive without them and without their Archons to decide who feeds less and who feeds more. They needed a different type of house. She began to remember her lessons about how these humans, dead and alive huamans, had a House Vanguard, with three captains, but no Archon to take care of The Great Machine. Also, House Vanguard did not need to carry The Great Machine with them at all times. All they needed was the little lights that followed them. So, perhaps she, them, all Eliksni, did not need to steal back The Great Machine, but only its little lights with strange forms. If this could be done, then they would have the same power as those dead and alive humans, and live forever, but most important, live without hunger. When she snapped out of this trance, she decided to remove herself from any chance of survival that forced her into this frail and brittle hierarchy. While still feeding on the servitor, she slowly unsheathed her shock dagger and with a swift movement went straight for its eye. The machine stopped humming and dropped to the ground with a loud thump that echoed through the large hollow. Not a minute passed before the hunger came back, but this was the greatest push she needed to find a way out of this dependency that felt more like slavery. She got up, grabbed her rifle, and made her way to The Last City. 

### IV
